Django channels stubs (#13939)
python/typeshed: stubs/channels/@tests/stubtest_allowlist.txt

# channels.auth.UserLazyObject metaclass is mismatch
channels.auth.UserLazyObject

# these one need to be exclude due to mypy error: * is not present at runtime
channels.auth.UserLazyObject.DoesNotExist
channels.auth.UserLazyObject.MultipleObjectsReturned
channels.auth.UserLazyObject@AnnotatedWith

# database_sync_to_async is implemented as a class instance but stubbed as a function
# for better type inference when used as decorator/function
channels.db.database_sync_to_async

> 
> # Due to groups type correction raise runtime value, we need to ignore them
> channels.generic.websocket.WebsocketConsumer.groups
> channels.generic.websocket.AsyncWebsocketConsumer.groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set to None on class, but initialized to non-None value in __init__
channels.generic.websocket.WebsocketConsumer.groups
channels.generic.websocket.AsyncWebsocketConsumer.groups
```
